Added info about allowlisting devices (TCD-2283) (#1428)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/supported-devices.md

* You need specific settings which are set on the devices all the time.
* You need to establish a secure [IPSec VPN connection](/secure-connections/ipsec-vpn) between your network and the Sauce Labs cloud.

#### Allowlisting Apps and Accounts

> * Apps installed on the private device can be selected, by name, to be preserved between sessions. These apps and their data will not be cleaned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Apps installed on the private device can be selected, by Android `packageName` or iOS `bundleId`, to be preserved between sessions. These apps and their data will not be cleaned.
```

> * Google accounts signed into the Play Store can be preserved between sessions.

Reviewer: Not sure if this is correct / linked to private devices

> * Apple IDs signed in to the device and App Store can be preserved between sessions.

Reviewer: Same here, not sure if this is correct / linked to private devices
